do not run over curbs folks if you do
you'll break your rim look at that and
the rim is completely broke off the hole
inside this vehicle has been demolished
that's that needs that whole fucking
thing I didn't open that it's not good
cuz that's the engine now this needs to
go there like a body shop
holy crap this is what it's supposed to
look like
this is the car on crack
yeah
this room got bent
there is he got old Oh
that's okay
no idea you all know that you don't know
one breath not good
Oh son that right there is not good that
boat that's the engine mount and holes
for the front engine mouth this engine
may run rough because of the angle of
that amount
being basically amount is rubber and
that mount will have a bracket on it and
that bracket will be pushed up in one
area
crap they broke their rim and skid this
right on a friggin Oh baby
even the freaking radiator support
holder and condenser has been hurt see
that yellow rubber there oh my gosh
see you just being a mechanic is great
see all this awesome stuff
of course there is absolutely no money
involved here and you can't really make
a lot of money off this ticket but we
shall not complain spin K gain another
crazy situation another crazy car
again
it's not that awesome we don't get too
fired up about stuff please